I remember clearly the first time I get across the GFW(i.e. Great firewall of China), although not the first time I know the notorious proper noun GFW. But now I find such attempt is unnecessary. 

Last year I come to Shanghai to attend graduate school. My graduate adviser wanted me to gather some materials for my subsequent thematic study. Fortunately, I searched many via Google(Google HK is available at that time), but only to found that what I wanted most especially videos belongs to YouTube to which we all Chinese have no access. I felt frustrated and realized how harmful it is to block so many useful and famous websites in China. I didn't want to take a compromise, on the contrary I decided to take up the challenge. After half a day's searching and trying, I made it. 

What a whole new world it is outside the wall! I indulged myself in browsing all information that are forbidden inside the wall not only technological but also political. From the perspective of technology, technology in China are way behind the US. On sensitive political criticism, all voices are negative and nonconstructive personal opinions. Certainly, I got some evidences of value to keep my own critical view on our government, but I know I am a rational graduate student who know the differences between thinking and practice. Yeah, the most importantly I get all I need to research and stalked many scholars who would be very important to me on Twitter, Facebook and Google plus, etc. 

Later because of my computer renewal and our government enforced the power of GFW, I can not install Goagent again to continue circumventing censorship. As
the saying goes that every cloud has a silver lining, I find many many alternatives to Google and the alike. Quora is a very famous and useful Q&A platform. Line is also popular like Facebook. Vimeo is an alternative to YouTube. Duckduckgo can replace Google search engine. I find a new access to the outside world again. After all, GitHub and Stack Overflow are almost always accessible for us computer professional. We need not pay for a VPN and circumvent as those stubborn.  

Knowing that many students hate Fang Binxing, I just smile and try to find any other way rather than throw eggs or shoes towards that academician who are only on behalf of our government's will.
