Comparison between Chinese Education and Western Education
What are the similarities and/or differences between Chinese and Western educational systems?  What advantages and/or disadvantages do students face?  (Please challenge yourself by practicing with any method of comparison and contrast we discussed in the video lessons.)

I have never been abroad neither have I studied with foreigners. So I know little about the education systems in the west world. But I do find some similarities and differences between Chinese education and western education after some searching on Quora.

Education system varies with countries and states in them in the west, unlike the situation where education is managed at a national level in our country. But when it comes to comparison between Chinese education and western education, the mentioned inner differences would be ignored. I think the comparison would be made in these three respects: timing, curriculum and public & private education.

Firstly, timing. Both Chinese students and western students study about 200 days per year. Like us Chinese, western students also have summer and winter holidays and several national holidays distributed randomly in the year. But the western only stay about 6 hours in school from 9:30 am to 3:30 am much shorter than us. Thus we would have more fair education and the western kids would get more private lessons according to their family's financial situation in their after-school time.

Secondly, curriculum. On the one hand,we have classes such as language and literature, math, science, physical education, etc. likewise they also have such subjects. On the other hand, differ from we valuing main subjects and abandoning secondaries such as physical exercise and information technology western students have ton of free electives. Like us, schools in non-English speaking countries also have English class like us, but they often learn not only one foreign language. Denmark, for example, English and German classes are offered. In one word, western schools offer and value more various curricula than us. I think the reasons why we can get high PISA scores mostly should be attributed to our focusing on main subjects.   

Thirdly, public & private education. Similar to our country, their schools are also divided into two kinds: public school and private school. In China, public school is often better than private school, especially university. In contrast, elite schools are always private colleges and private high schools in western world. Of course, I love our country's public education system because my parents would not afford me a private education if I were in the west.

Obviously, these two kinds of education systems have much similarities but also some differences, but I think our education system is more and more becoming westernized. Of course, differences will continue to exist for our country has a much much bigger population and the regional disparity becomes more and more complex. For that reason a more fair education system is needed to guarantee everyone education opportunity. 











comparison  both        in the same way like,alike  likewise    reminds me of   same                shows connections with  similar,similarly
contrast    conversely  different       differ from difference  in contrast     on the other hand   on the contrary         unlike 
