Part I: lesson preview
1. understanding argumentation
2. argumentation in academic writing
3. argumentative writing

Part II: understanding argumentation

Part III: key terms of argument
2. argumentation in academic writing
    the arguments we deal with in academic writing are often ordinary discourse about matters of public controversy.
    1) key terms of argument
        issue: an important subject that people are arguing about;
        topic: a particular subject matter the writer considers; a topic is a more specific part of the issue;
        claim: a statement that presses the writer's view about the topic; central argument of the essay;
        sub-claims: reasons, main ideas, micro arguments that support the claim or central argument
        example:
            issue: the environment
            topic: damages of environment
            claim: the environment has become the most serious problem the world faces today
            sub-claim: the rain forests are being destroyed; many important water sources are being polluted by industry; the ozone layer, which protects us from harmful sunrays, is being destroyed by chemicals
    2) steps to construct an argument
    3) general strategies of argumentation
    4) alternative terms

Part IV: steps and strategies of argumentation
    2) steps to construct an argument
    to construct an argument, we will 
        A. make a case;
        B. argue the point;
        C. persuade the audience:
            a. look for *common* ground;
            b. consider *different* viewpoints and their reasons;
            c. take a position and present *evidence*;
            d. convince the audience that one viewpoint is *more* acceptable than the others.
    3) general strategies of argumentation
        a) use appropriate language to clarify the problem and articulate a coherent perspective on it;
        b) point out common ground to settle matters;
        c) acknowledge different viewpoints, sometimes to grant their merits and at other times to rebut the opposing arguments;
        d) appeal to your readers and motivate them to act
    4) alternative terms
        claim: thesis; proposition; conclusion; main point; macro-argument; controlling idea
        statement of claim: thesis statement; purpose sentence; statement of focus; statement of proposition;
        sub-claims: reasons; main ideas; micro-arguments; arguments; lines of argument; supporting arguments; specific issues
        support: evidence; opinions; reasons; examples; facts; data; grounds; proof; premises; statistics; explanations; information; personal narratives
        warrants: assumptions; general principles; widely held values; commonly accepted beliefs; appeals to human motives; cultural values; presuppositions; unstated premises; generally accepted truths;

3. argumentative writing
    1) the western rhetoric
    2) models of argumentation
    3) elements of argument
    4) controversial issues
