Part I: lesson preview
1. defining argument: a review
2. the claim
3. the support
4. the warrant

Part II: defining argument: a review
argument is 'the art of influencing others, through the medium of reasoned discourse, to believe or act as we wish them to believe or act'
argument(Logos,Proof) vs. persuasion(Pathos,audience): argumentation gives primary importance to logical proof; persuasiion introduces the element of ethical and emotional appeals.

Part III: essential elements of argument
Claim: answers the question "what are you trying to prove?"; often as the thesis statement
Support: reasons; materials to prove the claim, including evidence and motivaltional appeals
Warrant: inference; assumption; belief; principle

Part IV: types or claims
2. the claim
    often as the thesis statement of the essay
    there are three principle kinds of claim: claim of fact; claim of cause; claim of value; claim of policy; claim of definition

Part V: sample essay analysis

Part VI: evidence and its functions
3. the support
    1) evidence: examples(turn something from abstract to concrete, general to specific, impersonal to personal, distant to urgent), statistics(used to 'quantify' an issue, revealing its signicicance), and testimonials and expert opinions(consist of interviews, lectures, articles, and books written by those in a position to know about the subject)
    2) appeals to needs and values

Part VII: appeals to needs and values
    1. good evidence is usually enough to prove a factual claim;
    2. appeals to the needs and values of the audience is essential to succeed in making value and policy claims.
        appeal to audience's standards for right or wrong and good or bad; patriotism and compassion for the need; needs for safety and well-being

Part VIII: the warrant
    A warrant is an assumption, a belief or principle; it reflects personal experience, and participation in a culture; it guarantees a connecting link between the claim and the support.
    if the audience shares the warrant, and the link between the claim and support is made the argument will be convincing

Lesson review
1. defining argument: a review
2. the claim
3. the support
4. the warrant

