A global migration intentions survey revealed that China's potential net migration index is minus 6%(Gallup, 2010-2012). That's to say, China is not a destination country but a source country. Sina.com survey showed that 88.7% of Chinese wanted to emigrate while only 2.4% didn't(Sina, 2010). Like 95% of the respondents of Sina.com survey, I also agree that emigration is a normal and reasonable issue that has nothing to do with patriotism. Unlike the majority who favored of America or say north America I prefer Australia, factoring in social conditions, physical health and reproduction.

Social conditions includes relative fair opportunities, lower corruption rate, freedom of expression, almost no Internet censorship, human rights and etc(Sina, 2010). Firstly, opportunity and corruption. Almost everyone who has no good background including me suffered once or more from corruption in China. When I was a middle school student, all students in grade one had to be reassigned. Of course, I was not afraid that because I aced out the math exam and my other subjects' grades were also very good. But unexpectedly, I was lifted from the list of key classes. Later I knew that a student's father bribed the headmaster and I became the victim. Secondly, freedom of expression. Like almost all advanced countries, Australia is a free country where you would state all your opinions openly and surf the Internet with no GFW's interference. Thirdly, human rights. Humanitarianism has nothing to do with ordinary Chinese but Australia has a very egalitarian culture. Today China is like the Colosseum, and only the strongest species may survive, and triumph, and gain the glory and riches. And the innocent might really have to suffer. Do you agree that China is giving up a part of its people? 

Pollution and food safety are the most serious threats to people's physical health in China. Polluted environment especially in metropolis has an impressive and rapid impact on health in China. Zhong Nanshan, a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, has said that the country's air pollution is a problem worse than SARS(CCTV, 2013). Except the air pollution, water pollution is also a tough nut to crack. Media reported that eighty nine per cent of drinking water in China is too polluted to drink because seven main rivers have been seriously polluted(Chinacitywater, 2010). What's more, food may led us to sterility. Once on the train a woman asked me a question which shocked me. Do you know what kind of drug is used often in order to accelerate animals' growth? Contraceptive is used even for fruit, she told me. However, the situation in Australia is much better. According to statisticbrain.com Australia ranked the 3rd on the list of Countries Ranked by Air Pollution(2014). For water quality indicator value, Australia ranked 20th, but China ranked 84th(UNESCO, 2002). When it comes to food safety, a story would let us know how strict it is for Australian restaurant to ensure food hygiene quality. Once a Chinese-Australian went to a restaurant run by a former mayor of Melbourne for lunch or whatever. After his food served, he found a cockroach in it. The result is that the restaurateur was fined 70k Australian Dollar and the restaurant was ordered to suspend, which would often make an ordinary restaurateur went to broke. 

Childbearing policy and welfare system including education welfare are two aspects that attract foreigners. To keep the number of people from growing too fast, the Chinese government limits couples to one child. However Australia government has offered couples incentives to have more children. Australian welfare system makes it easy to meet minimum survive standards for its people. When common people can gain the most fundamental survival guarantee, they would fully engage in the work. So, the immigrant and his/her descendants need not to worry about extra-birth and the burden of raising children any more. Furthermore, education system there is much better than the system in China. And there are absolutely no substandard milk powder and foodstuff added contraceptive sold in the market for kids.

Many people find some cons of emigration. Life convenience, relationship and feasibility are major scruples. 

It is not as convenient as in China to shop in Australia. It is said that on-line shopping is very inconvenient there. But I want to say that car and refrigerator would solve all problems. Yes, immigrants have to part from their relatives and friends and need to build new relationships in a whole new country. But, don't forget the Internet which would connect them with their relatives and friends in China. To say the least, there are many people in China who leave their homes in village to big cities like Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou already. So, leaving hometown is not a big problem. Plus, it takes only about 10 hours to fly from Australia to China. 

Some people say that it is very difficult to immigrate into Australia. Let's talk about the ways first. Two programs are available for the immigrants: Business Migration Program and Highly Skilled Migrant Program. Many Chinese migrate through investment immigration schemes. The maximum amount of investment is 5 million AUD and the minimum is 800 thousand AUD(investinaustralia.com, 2014). Yes, ordinary people obviously would not invest so much money. But I don't think it is impossible for the youth to gain at least 5 million RMB in five to ten years. If one has a skill Australia needs he would migrate through highly skilled immigration schemes. If one's current occupation, or an occupation in which one has engaged in for several years, is on the Skilled Occupation List, then he/she can apply for permanent residency to Australia under the skilled categories(workpermit.com, 2014). I think those who are laborious and excelsior can meet all the requirements.

Nationally, China would better encourage emigration to alleviate the population pressure on one hand, and on the other hand to dampen mass discontent. And I think Australia is a very good place for immigration. Personally, if one has the will and ability it is absolutely a brilliant choice to emigrate from China to Australia. Finally, if one has the will he/she will finally find the way.
